I 'm really not sure why I took this job . I have family members who are retired Aurors . They look back with a mix of shame and despair . I 've got family members who are pardoned Aurors , and they feel the same way . I may not be the black sheep of the family , like the aforementioned Death Eaters , but I do n't get asked a lot of questions at family dinners . 

Oh well , fuck them . I get to feel fortunate enough to sit on some semi inhabited island around Iceland and come up with new spells . 

Why am I near Iceland ? Because my job is the equivalent of throwing shit at the wall to see what sticks. Highly volatile spells come out of my research . The irony of all this is that I am writing this post about a decade after they finally put Voldemort down for good . As the son of decorated Aurors , I was able to get the job pretty easily , because my resume boasted both the pedigree and the skill . 

Also , as my former supervisor said , `` I 'm one crazy son of a bitch . '' 

He said I should call my former supervisor because one day , working on a teleportation spell , he vanished . His whereabouts are unknown , but there are rumors that he might be in Europe, using his magic to bring back his father. I had him in Vegas , when . 

I always liked that guy . 

Now , I 'm the boss . I have a new recruit . Fresh faced kid out of Hogwarts , who takes everything way too seriously . I worry about his ability to keep up in this line of work . Between the remote location and the dangers of our work , he 's ripe to crack up . So guys , what are you working on today ? '' the Kid asks . 

`` The Ministry wants us to start coming up with countermeasures , just in case the Old Ones rise . '' 

`` But , but , the Teacher Against The Evil Professor said that the Old Ones can never rise again . '' 

`` You 're not at Hogwarts anymore , but you could be right at any moment , then we all could be shit out of luck . '' 

I have been the kid of that school . He 's still wearing his robes , looking like he 's about to go to some as lecture . Meanwhile , I used the teleportation cards ( I do n't fuck around with those ) to `` borrow '' full SWAT Team gear from the Dallas Police Department . They have nice toys in Texas . 

`` So , what 's our first spell going to be ? '' Special banishment spell , '' I reply . `` We may cross over dimensional walls . '' 

No wizard , even that Potter guy , could ever kill an Old One . But if enough talented wizards got involved , the spell might have a chance . Might . 

The Kid did n't need to know that part . There 's a baseline spell I put together to get rid of a few Dementors , '' I replied. `` Did you watch the presentation ? '' 

`` Yes you did . Although we never used that strange device at Hogwarts `` 

I shake my head . Hogwarts should at least mention what a DVD should contain before it has to charge the student . 

`` Okay , we 're going to basically take that spell and crank it up a few notches . Let 's make sure you 've got the basic spell down before we continue . '' 

`` Alright , '' he replies 

`` Remember : right arm fully extended and left side off to the side . Swing it in a controlled motion with your right upper body . '' 

`` I got you , '' he says , a little faster than I like . Damn Gryffindors are just the same after that . 

`` What 's the phrase ? '' 

`` Piercus Four , '' he answers . 

`` Good , let 's see you do it . '' 

The kid steps over to the other side of the room . As soon as he goes into the motion , I know it has gone to way too. He does n't extend how arm far enough. I look at his body and he moves way too fast. Before I can yell for him to stop , the fateful words come from his mouth . 

`` Piercus Four ! '' 

The space around him blurs . By keeping his arm close and going into hiding, he redirects the spell at himself . All of your worst fears are confirmed when that occurs . 

The Kid is gone . 

Shit . 

Now I have to go find him .
