The vast hull of the ship emerged a million miles from the surface of the earth . Hatu sat in his chrome throne in the middle of the room , gazing at the blue planet that lay beneath them . They 'd been to that same world since eons ago and now the time to reap the planet 's bounty had come . He lifted his fingers in an almost absent gesture . Next , his second to give the orders . All around him , subordinates scurried around , beginning the assault . Canisters of war, filled with fresh chemical canisters, had shot out from the cannons . He had been made to explode upon entry into the atmosphere a little acid would vaporize , but then , when it rained , it would rain acid . All there was to do now was wait and Hatu was patient , but the acid was not _this_ patient . They 'd been raining acid on the planet for weeks . Still the planet rotated upon its tilted axis and the hungry humans did not come and beg mercy . He 'd been told kings would beg to drink the water and algae . That he could plunder their lands to his fill . Had the humans not cry for succor ? 

A subordinate bowed low on his knees for no other good reason than an immediate reaction . Hatu waved his hand and his second barked the subordinate to proceed . <unk> Sir , '' the subordinate said , shaking in fear but admirably keeping the tremor out of his speech , `` our attack is failing . We are running low on ammunition . '' 

`` What ! '' the officer roared . There was just the briefest moment of satisfaction when everyone started at the top of his voice . `` How is this possible ? Every subordinate looked down now , too cowed to meet Hatu 's eyes , as Hatu glowered at him . `` You will answer my question, scum . '' 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate piped up his voice barely above a whisper , `` the earthlings . They-they appear to be…they appear to be drinking our poison . '' 

`` In fact , many people have chosen to drink it in large urns , '' another voice piped up behind him. 

Hatu could feel the eyes of his subordinates upon him , when you have to give guidance , but all he could think was , `` If the acid from the orange fruit could kill the humans , if they could so boldly drink that , what use was any of their weapons ? '' 