The vast hull of the X'tac ship sank fifty million miles from the surface of the earth . Hatu sat in his chrome throne in the cockpit , gazing at the planet slowly spinning beneath them . They 'd sent scouts eons ago and now the time to reap the planet 's bounty and made up for the breach . He lifted his fingers in an almost absent manner. Beside him , his second barked out the orders . All around him , subordinates scurried around , beginning the assault . Canisters were being shot off from the cannons . The canisters had been made to explode upon entry into the atmosphere . It would vaporize , but then , when the planet was completely rotated , it would rain acid . All there was left to do now was wait. Hatu was patient . 

Hatu was not _this_ patient . It had been raining acid on the planet for weeks . Still the planet rotated upon that he could destroy their planet axis and still the humans did not come and beg mercy . He even told kings would beg to feed him water and algae . That he could plunder their lands to his fill . Why did the humans not cry for succor ? 

A subordinate bowed to ask him . Hatu waved his arm. Hatu in his second barked at the subordinate to proceed . 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate said , shaking in fear but admirably keeping the tremor out of his voice , <unk> Our attack is failing . We are very low on ammunition . '' No problem ! '' Hatu roared . felt just the briefest moment of satisfaction when everyone started at the bottom of his step again, slamming on the floor as if to make him. `` How is this possible ? '' 

The subordinate looked down now , too cowed to meet Hatu 's eyes which suddenly glowered at him . `` You will answer my question , scum . '' 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate said , voice barely raised above a whisper , `` the earthlings . They-they appear to be…they appear to be drinking the poison . '' 

`` In fact , many people have been collecting it in large urns " another voice piped in from behind him . 

Hatu could feel the eyes of his subordinates upon him , looking to him for guidance , to all he could say was , `` If the acid from the orange fruit could not burn the humans , if they could so boldly drink that water, what use was any of their weapons ? '' 