The hull of the X'tac ship emerged a million miles from the surface of the earth . Si'an sat in his chrome throne in the control room gazing at the blue planet slowly spinning beneath them . They 'd sent scouts eons ago and now the time to reap the planet 's bounty had come . He lifted his fingers in an open hand gesture . When his first son came before him , his second barked out the orders . Behind him , subordinates scurried around , beginning the assault . Canisters of poison shot out from the cannons . It said the cannons had been made to explode upon entry into the atmosphere . The acid would vaporize and then , when it rained , it would rain acid . All they was left to do now was wait and Hatu was patient . 

Hatu was not _this_ patient . They 'd been raining acid on the planet for weeks . Still the planet rotated upon its tilted axis and why the humans did not stand in his way to beg mercy . He 'd been told kings would not even give him a single drop of their precious algae . That he could plunder their lands to his fill . Why did the humans not cry for succor ? 

A subordinate bowed low before him . Hatu waved his hand and his second barked at the subordinate to proceed . 

`` Sir , '' the second called , suppressing his fear but admirably straining every tremor out of his voice , `` our attack is very dangerous! We are running low on ammunition . '' 

`` What ! '' Hatu roared . There was just the briefest moment of silence, and everyone started at the power of his voice . `` How is this possible ? '' 

The subordinate s stood now , too cowed to meet his eyes . Hatu pressed into him . `` You will answer my question , scum . '' 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate raised his voice barely above a whisper , `` the earthlings . They-they appear to be…they appear to be drinking our poison . '' 

`` In fact , many of them have been stealing it and others have been collecting it in urns , '' another voice piped up somewhere else . 

Hatu could feel the eyes of his subordinates upon him , but looked to him for guidance , but all he could think was , `` If the acid from the orange fruit could not burn the corpses , if they could so boldly drink that , what use was the blood from their weapons ? '' 