The vast hull of the X'tac ship emerged a million miles from the middle of the earth . Hatu sat in his chrome throne in the sun , gazing at the blue planet slowly spinning beneath them . They 'd lived there eons ago and now they were ready to reap the planet 's bounty had come . He lifted his fingers in an almost threatening manner . Beside him , his second barked out the orders . All around him , a multitude of cannons fired around , beginning to explode . Canisters of poison shot out from the cannons . The canisters had been made to explode upon hitting the atmosphere . The acid would vaporize , but then , when it rained , it would rain . All there was left to do was wait and Hatu was patient . 

Hatu was not _this_ patient . They 'd been together on the planet of Hatu for two weeks . Still the planet rotated upon its tilted axis and still the humans did not break down and beg mercy . He 'd been told kings would beg to give him water and food . That he could plunder their land until he had his fill . Why did the humans not cry for succor ? And the subordinate bowed low before him . Hatu waved his hand and his second barked at the subordinate to his left. 

`` Sir , '' he said , shaking in fear but admirably keeping the tremor out of his voice , `` our attack is failing . We are running low on ammunition . '' 

`` Sir, '' he grumbled . There was just the briefest moment of satisfaction when everyone could hear him shout. By the power of his voice . <unk> How is this possible ? '' 

The subordinate looked down now , too , to meet Hatu 's eyes . Hatu glowered at him . `` You may answer my question , scum . '' 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate said . Hatu was barely above a whisper , and suddenly noticed the earthlings . They-they appear to be…they appear to be drinking our poison . '' 

`` In fact , many people have been collecting it in large urns , '' another voice piped up behind him . 

Hatu could feel the eyes of his subordinates upon him , looking desperately for a weapon to be fired upon them, but all he could think was , `` If the poison from the orange fruit could not burn the humans , if they could so boldly drink that , what use was any of their weapons ? '' 