The vast hull of the X'tac ship emerged a million miles from the surface of the earth . The captain sat in his chrome d room in the control room , gazing at the blue planet slowly spinning beneath them . They 'd sent scouts eons ago , this the time to reap the planet 's bounty had come . His hand held his fingers in an almost absent gesture . Beside him , his second barked out the orders . All around him , subordinates scurried around , beginning to fill their tanks . Canisters of poison shot out from the rafters. The poison had been made to explode upon entry into the atmosphere . The acid would vaporize , but only when it rained , it would rain acid . All that was left to do now was wait and Hatu was patient . 

Hatu was not _this_ patient . They 'd been raining acid on the planet for weeks . Still the planet rotated upon its tilted axis and still the humans did not go to beg mercy . He 'd been told kings would beg to give him water and algae so he could plunder their land and eat his fill . Why did the humans not call for succor ? 

A subordinate bowed low before him . Hatu waved his hand and his second barked at the second's subordinate urging him to proceed . 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate said , shaking in fear but admirably getting the tremor out of his voice , <unk> our attack is failing . We are running out of ammunition . '' 

`` What ! '' Hatu roared . There was just the briefest moment of satisfaction when everyone started at the back of the room and went into the depths of his voice . `` How is this possible ? '' 

The subordinate looked down now , expecting to meet Hatu 's eyes . Hatu glowered at him . `` You will answer my question, you scum . 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate said , voice barely above a whisper , `` the earthlings . They-they appear to be…they appear to be drinking heavily, the other men said, with a slight shake . '' 

`` As before , many people have been placed in large urns , '' another individual stood up somewhere behind him . 

Hatu could feel the eyes of his subordinates upon him , looking to him for a reason, but all he could think was , `` If the juice of the orange fruit could not burn the humans , if they could so boldly drink that , what use was any of their weapons ? '' 