The vast hull of the X'tac ship emerged a million miles from the surface of the earth . Hatu sat in his chrome throne in the control room , gazing at the world slowly spinning beneath them . They began observing. It had been chosen by the ancient scouts eons ago and was now time to reap the planet 's bounty had come down. He lifted his fingers in an almost absent gesture . Beside him , his second barked out orders . All around , his two subordinates scurried around , beginning the assault . Canisters of poison shot out from each . The canisters had been made to explode upon entry into the atmosphere . The acid would vaporize , but then , when it would precipitate, it would rain acid . All there was to do now was wait and Hatu was patient . 

Hatu was not _this_ patient . They 'd 'had acid on the planet for weeks . Still the planet rotated upon the axis and still the humans did not come and beg mercy . He 'd been told kings would beg to give him water and algae . That he could cloak the lands he could not fill . Why did the humans not cry for succor ? 

A king lay low before him . Hatu waved his arms. He saw the captain's silence. He raised his shield and in his second barked at the subordinate to stop. '' 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate said , shaking in fear but admirably keeping the tremor out of his voice , `` our attack is failing . We are low on ammunition . '' 

`` What ! '' Hatu roared . There was just the briefest moment of satisfaction when everyone started at the top of his voice . `` How am I possible ? '' 

The subordinate s looked, now , too cowed to meet Hatu 's eyes . Hatu glowered at him . `` You can not answer my question , scum . '' 

`` Sir , '' a voice said , voice barely above a whisper , `` He was watching them . They-they appear to be…they appear to be drinking water . '' 

`` In fact , many people have been collecting it in large urns , '' another man whispered, eyes flitting, curling up somewhere behind him . 

Hatu could feel the eyes of his subordinates upon him , looking to him for guidance , but all he could think was , if the acid from the orange fruit could not burn the humans , and if they could not drink that , what use was any of their weapons ? '' 