the hull of the X'tac ship emerged a million miles from the surface of the earth then sat in his chair in the control room staring out at the blue planet slowly spinning beneath them . They 'd sent scouts eons ago and now the time to reap the planet 's bounty had come in. The chief of the staff lifted his fingers in an almost absent gesture . Beside him , his second barked out the orders . All around it, his subordinates scurried around , beginning the assault . Canisters of poison also shot from the cannons . The canisters had been made ready upon entry into the atmosphere . The acid would vaporize over the planet and then , when it rained , it would rain . All there was to do now was wait and Hatu was patient . 

Hatu was not _this_ patient . They 'd been raining acid on the whole planet for weeks . Still the planet rotated upon its tilted axis and still the humans did not come and beg mercy . He 'd been told kings and queens had to give him water and algae . That he could plunder their lands to his fill . Why did the humans not cry out for mercy ? 

A subordinate bowed low before him . Hatu waved his sword as his second barked at the subordinate to proceed . 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate shouted, his hands shaking in fear but admirably keeping the tremor in his voice , `` our attack has begun . We are running low on ammunition . '' 

`` What ! '' Hatu roared . There was just the briefest moment there when everyone started at the power of his voice . <unk> How is this possible ?'' 

The subordinate looked down now , too cowed to meet Hatu 's eyes . Hatu glowered at him . `` You will not answer this question , scum . '' 

`` Sir Hatu. So,' the subordinate said , barely above a whisper , without looking at his watcher or the earthlings . They-they appear to us to be drinking our poison . '' 

`` In fact , many people have been collecting it in large urns , '' another voice piped up somewhere behind him . 

Hatu could feel the eyes of his subordinates upon him , looking to him for guidance , but all he could think was , `` If the acid from the orange fruit did not burn the humans , if they did not so boldly try to reach the planet to attack , what use was any of their weapons ? '' 