The vast hull of the X'tac ship emerged a million miles from the surface of the earth . Hatu sat in his chrome throne in the control room gazing at the blue planet slowly spinning beneath him. They 'd sent scouts eons ago and now the time to take advantage of the planet 's bounty had come in. The First officer lifted his fingers in an almost absent gesture . Beside him , his second barked out a warning . All around him , subordinates scurried around , beginning to run for cover . Canisters of poison shot out from the cannons . The canisters had been built to explode upon entry into the atmosphere . The acid rain would be dry , but then , when it rained , it would rain acid . All that was left to do now was wait and Hatu was patient. 

Hatu was not _this_ patient . They 'd been raining acid on the planet for weeks . Still the planet rotated upon in every axis and still the humans did not come and beg mercy . Hatu had been told kings would beg to give him water and algae . That he could plunder their lands to his hearts content. Why did the humans not call him for succor ? 

A subordinate bowed low before him . Hatu waved his hand and his second barked at the subordinate in his stall . 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate said , shaking in fear but admirably keeping the tremor out of his voice , `` our attack is failing . We are so low on ammunition . '' I'm a gun ! '' his second roared . There was just the briefest moment of satisfaction when everyone started at the power of his voice . `` How is this possible ? '' 

The subordinate looked down now , too to meet his eyes . Theresa was angry enough to look at him . `` You will answer my question , scum . '' 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate said again barely above a whisper , `` the . They-they appear to be…they appear to be drinking our poison . '' 

`` In fact , some people have been collecting our poison in large urns , '' another voice piped up somewhere behind him . 

Hatu could feel the eyes of his human friend, watching him , looking to him for guidance , but all he could think was , `` If the acid from the orange fruit could not burn the humans , if they could not boldly drink that , what was any of their weapons ? '' 