The vast hull of the X'tac ship emerged a million miles from the surface of the earth . Hatu sat in his chrome throne in the control room , gazing at the blue sphere spinning beneath them . The ship had successfully sent scouts to find its way to the planet, and now the time to reap the planet 's bounty had come . He lifted his fingers in an almost absent gesture . Beside him , a second barked out . He turned to disappear . All around him , blood filled. He whipped one arm around , beginning the assault . Canisters of poison shot out from the cannons . The canisters had been made to explode upon entry into the atmosphere . The acid would not rotate , but then if it rained , it would rain acid . All there was to do now was wait and Hatu was patient . 

Hatu was not _this_ kind of patient. They 'd been raining acid on the planet for weeks . Still the planet rotated upon its tilted axis . Why the humans did not come and beg mercy . He 'd been told kings would only give him water and algae . He could plunder their dead bodies if not his fill . Why did the humans not cry for succor ? 

A subordinate bowed low before him . Hatu waved his hand and his second barked at the subordinate to proceed . 

`` I am afraid, '' the subordinate said , shaking in fear and keeping the tremor out of his voice , `` our attack is failing . We are low on strength . '' 

`` What ! '' Hatu roared . There was the briefest moment of satisfaction when everyone started at the power of his voice . `` How is this possible ? '' 

The subordinate looked down now , too cowed , Hatu 's eyes only glowered at him . `` You will answer my question , scum . '' 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate spoke in a voice barely above a whisper , `` the earthlings . They-they appear to be…they appear to be drinking our poison . '' In fact , many people have been put there, placed in large urns , The voice piped up somewhere behind him . 

Hatu could feel the eyes of his subordinates upon him , squinting to him for guidance , but all he could think was , `` If the acid from the orange fruit could not burn the humans , if they could not boldly drink that , what good could any of their weapons ? '' 