The vast hull of the X'tac ship emerged a million miles below the surface of the earth . Hatu sat on a small chrome throne in the control room , gazing at the blue planet slowly spinning beneath them . The sun had sent scouts eons ago, now the time to reap the planet 's bounty had come . He lifted a hand and bowed in an almost absent voice. Beside him , another subordinate barked out the orders . All around him , subordinates scurried around , beginning the assault . Canisters of poison shot out the cannons . The canisters had been made to explode upon entry into the atmosphere . The acid would rain , but then , when it rained , it would rain acid . All there was to do now was wait. Hatu was patient . But the Planetans were not _this_ patient . They 'd been raining acid on the planet for weeks . Still the planet rotated upon its tilted axis and still the humans did not come and beg mercy . He 'd been told kings would never give him an inch of algae . That he could plunder their lands to his fill . Why did the humans not come and plead for succor . No one subordinate bowed low before him . Hatu her hand and stood up, and barked at the subordinate to proceed . 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate whispered shaking in fear , keeping the tremor out of his voice , `` our attack is failing . We are running low on ammunition . '' 

`` What ! '' Hatu roared . There was just the briefest moment of satisfaction when everyone could hear the power of his voice . `` How is this possible ? '' 

The subordinate looked down now , too cowed to meet him with his eyes . The boss suddenly looked up at him . `` You will answer for yourself , scum . '' 

`` Sir ,'' the subordinate said , voice barely above a whisper `` the earthlings . They-they appear to be…they appear to be drinking our poison . '' 

`` In fact , many people have been collecting it in large urns , '' another voice piped in from behind him " '' The officer could feel the eyes of his subordinates upon him , looking to him for guidance , all he could think was , `` If the acid from the orange fruit could not burn the humans , if they could not drink that , what use was any of their weapons ? '' 