The vast hull of the X'tac ship emerged a million miles from the surface of the earth . Hatu sat in his chrome throne in the control room gazing out over the blue sky. A vast arc of moonlight spinning beneath them . They sent scouts eons ago and now the time to reap the planet 's bounty had come . He lifted it in an almost absent gesture . Beside him , his second barked out the orders . The crowd stretched around him , gathering around , beginning the assault . Canisters of poison shot out from the cannons . The canisters had been made to explode immediately upon entry into the atmosphere . The acid would vaporize , but then , when it rained , it would rain acid . All there was left to do now was to wait, to see if Hatu was patient . 

Hatu was not _this_ patient . They 'd been raining acid on the planet for weeks . Still it rotated upon to axis and began to cry for succor. The humans did not cry to him or beg mercy . He 'd been told kings would beg to give him water and algae . That he could plunder their lands to his fill . Why did the humans not cry for succor ? 

A subordinate bowed low to him . Hatu waved his hand and his bow at the subordinate to proceed . Sir , '' he said , shaking in fear but admirably keeping the tremor out of his voice. '' `` our attack is failing . We are running low on ammunition . '' 

`` What ! '' Hatu roared . There was just the briefest moment of satisfaction when everyone started at the power of his voice . `` How is that possible ? '' Everyone looked down now , too cowed for Hatu 's eyes . Hatu glowered at them `` You will answer my question , scum . '' 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate said , voice barely above this one , `` the earthlings . They-they appear to be…they appear to be drinking our poison . <unk> In fact , many people have been collecting it in large quantities. '' another voice piped up somewhere , suddenly . 

Hatu could feel the eyes of his subordinates upon him , looking to him for guidance , but all he could think was , `` If the acid from the orange fruit could not burn the humans , what could it be they could so boldly drink that they would kill those who use was any of their weapons ?...'<unk> 