The vast hull of the X'tac ship emerged a million miles from the surface of the earth . Hatu sat in his chrome throne outside the control room , gazing out over the vast blue planet slowly spinning and staring back down . He had sent scouts eons ago and now the time to reap the planet 's bounty had come . He lifted his fingers in an almost absent gesture . Beside him , his second barked out the orders . All around his subordinates fired , beginning the assault . Canisters of poison shot out from the cannons . The canisters had been directed to explode upon the arrival of the atmosphere the acid would vaporize , but then , when it rained , it would rain . All there was left to do now was wait and Hatu was patient . 

Hatu 'd had enough of _this_ . They 'd been raining acid on the planet for weeks . Still the planet rotated upon its tilted axis and still the humans did not seek or beg mercy . He had been told kings would beg to give him water and algae . That he could plunder their lands to his heart's content to live. Why did the whole world not cry for succor ? 

A subordinate bowed low before him . Hatu waved his hand towards the subordinate himself. The second barked at the subordinate to proceed . 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate said , shaking in fear but admirably keeping his head out of the air , `` our attack is failing . We are running low on ammunition . '' 

`` What ! '' the subordinate barked . a sigh and a trembling sound and just the briefest moment of satisfaction when everyone started at the power of Hatu's voice . <unk> How is this possible ? '' 

The subordinate looked down now , only to meet Hatu 's eyes . Hatu glowered at him . `` You will answer my question , scum . '' 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate said , voice less than a whisper , `` I understand . They all appear to be…they appear to be drinking our blood, '' 

`` In fact , many people have been collecting it in large urns , '' another voice piped up somewhere behind him . 

Hatu could feel the eyes of his subordinates upon him , looking to him for guidance , but all he could think was ? If the acid from the orange fruit could not burn the humans , if they could so boldly hurl themselves , what use was left to their weapons ? '' 