The vast hull of the X'tac ship emerged a million miles from the surface of the earth . Hatu sat in his chrome throne in the stern , gazing at the blue planet slowly spinning beneath them . They 'd sent her three thousand years ago , now was the time to reap the planet 's bounty had his second. He lifted his fingers in an absent gesture . Out of the corner of the throat , his second barked out the orders . All around him , subordinates scurried ahead before beginning the assault . Canisters of poison shot out from the cannons . The canisters had been made to explode upon entry into the atmosphere . The acid would vaporize , but then again it rained . and it would rain acid . All there was left to do now was wait and Hatu was patient . 

Hatu was not _this_ patient . They had been preparing to start raining acid on the planet for weeks . the planet rotated upon its tilted . Would still the humans not dare come and beg mercy ? He 'd been told kings would beg to give him water and algae . That he could plunder their lands to his fill . Why did the ancients cry for succor ? 

A subordinate bowed low before him . Hatu held up his hand and his second barked at the subordinate to proceed . 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate said , shaking in fear but admirably keeping the tremor out of his voice , `` our attack is failing . We are low on ammunition . '' Please ! '' Hatu roared . There was just the briefest moment of thought present when Hatu suddenly started to laugh at the power of his voice . <unk> How is this possible ? '' 

The subordinate looked down now , too cowed to meet Hatu 's eyes . '' Hatu looked back at him . `` You will answer my question , scum . '' 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate said , barely above a whisper , `` the earthlings . They-they appear to be…they appear to be drinking our poison . '' 

`` In fact , many of them seem to have been collecting it in large urns , '' another voice piped up somewhere , silent enough . 

Hatu could feel the eyes of his subordinates upon him , looking to him for guidance , but all he could do was think , `` If the acid from the orange fruit could not burn the humans , if they could so boldly drink it, to what use was any of their weapons ? '' 