The yellow hull of the X'tac ship emerged a million miles from the surface of the earth . Hatu sat with his chrome cap in the control room , gazing at the blue planet slowly spinning beneath them . The city had sent scouts eons ago and now the time to reap the planet 's bounty had come . He lifted his fingers in an almost absent gesture . Beside him , his second barked out the orders. All around the subordinates scurried around , beginning the assault . Small pellets of poison shot out from the cannons . The canisters had been carefully designed to explode upon entry into the atmosphere . The acid would vaporize , but then , if it rained , it would rain acid . All there was left to do now was to stay patient, and Hatu was patient . 

Hatu was _this_ patient . They 'd been stuck on the planet for weeks . Still the planet rotated upon its tilted axis and still the humans did not come and beg mercy . He 'd been told that they might beg to give him some algae . He could plunder their lands to his fill . Why did the humans not cry for succor ? 

A voice laid low before him . Hatu waved him off and his staff at the subordinate s . 

`` We are running low! '' the subordinate said , shaking in fear but admirably keeping the tremor out of his voice , `` our attack is failing . We are running low on ammunition . '' 

`` What ! '' Hatu roared . There was just the briefest moment of satisfaction Hatu could remember before he started at the power of his voice . `` How is it ? '' 

The subordinate looked away now , too cowed to meet Hatu 's eyes . Hatu glowered at him . `` You forgot my question , scum . '' 

`` Sir , '' the subordinate said , voice barely above a whisper , `` the earthlings . They-they appear to be…they appear to be taking the poison . '' 

`` In fact , many people have . Take it in large rations. '' Someone piped up somewhere behind him . 

Hatu could feel the eyes of his subordinates upon him , looking to him for guidance , but all he could think was , `` If the acid from the orange fruit could not burn the soldiers, and if they should not so boldly drink that , what use was any of their weapons ? '' 