There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and total doze , a moment where noise seems so distant just as you drift off into a fantasy world, everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes closed the only thing I saw was the time on the TV screen in front of you. You see faded blue numbers that read 10:34AM . 

Unless your plane explodes . Searing heat tears through flesh and flutters of metal pierce every nerve , for a fraction of a of a moment there is nothing but horrendous pain and then there is darkness . 

That morning, I woke up , drenched in sweat , eyes wide with fear and panic . The first thing I noticed was the time . 

9:35AM 

It had been real . It was real . That was no dream , it could n't have been ... 

I glance around to my fellow passengers wondering how it happened . What caused it ? Can we stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to get off. 

I 've been a cop for a long time , that 's the good news . Now, where was I ? 

I 'm I'm trapped in a metal tube that I think is going to explode in less than an hour and I have to find out how without panicking anyone . 

Especially if I 'm wrong . 

But what if I 'm right ? 

No resources , no weapons and no escape . 

Fuck it , no problem . 

***** 

9:36AM 

Alright . There's got to be at least 300 people on board , not including us. It could be mechanical and it 's going up in flames no matter what and that 's why this is here . We 're too far away to do anything about that , the map shows somewhere over the Pacific . 

That 's really bad . I wish anyone would believe me . 

I 'm not sure if I believe me . 

My only hope is that I can start investigating what causes the whole thing before the whole thing happens . 

Terrorism ? I mean , I guess it might be but that 's a slim shot in the dark . 

So what in the world blows up a plane over the ocean ? 

First stop is a military facility as well . Experience an explosion is enough to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I actually see her . I imagine she 's further back but she 's got that look on her face . The sweat , the panic . She saw it too . 

The good ? I guess I have a partner . 

The bad ? I might not be wrong . 

**** 

9:37AM *** He walked to her and motion towards the washrooms . <unk> You saw it ? '' 

She nodded . 

`` Did you see anything ? '' 

She shook her head. 

This was n't productive . There had to be , some piece of information that either of us had buried in our brains that would be useful. Then something weird happened, and then it all looked so obvious. 

`` Do you remember which way the explosion came from ? '' 

She tilted her head as if she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in front of me . Hey what the hell is going on ? '' 

I looked back at my fellow passengers . There were six rows between her and mine . Six rows of nine , that 's ... 54 if any math from school stuck . 

`` Hey , did you hear me ? '' She said , moving her arm . 

`` Yeah ! It came from in front of you . It came from behind me . So that means- '' 

`` It started somewhere between the two of us. '' Yeah , which would usually annoy me but in , it was nice to have someone pick up on it nice and loudly. 

I checked my watch . 

9:41AM . 

We were running out of time . 

**** 

9:42AM 

`` Does anyone stick out to you ? '' I was sitting up looking around and I shook my head . We could probably eliminate a few potential suspects by process of elimination . A young family is n't going to cause a problem , the elderly couple as well . Stuff like that . 

As I watched I saw there were three people arguing . 

One portly chap looking quite uncomfortable in his watch a little too frequently . 

A younger man sweating profusely . 

A woman glancing around with what I would describe as suspicion . 

I pointed them out to her and she looked at me . So maybe we had three suspects . Or maybe we had three bodies . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had a very limited number of those to start . 

As we stood there a flight attendant approached us from behind . 

She startled both of us and that 's when we knew. She turned around and locked eyes with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that too . She bolted from her seat and reached for the overhead baggage tray. That 's when I slammed into her full force , throwing both our bodies to the hard floor and pushing her at least three rows ahead . 

When I lifted my head I . I put the first word down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young man , sweating profusely , was holding the right end . Mine was on the wrong end and I was definitely on the wrong end . 

He was n't holding a badge though . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
