There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a little of the noise of the day may reach a crescendo but everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes closed the only thing I saw was the time on the TV screen in front of me , faded blue numbers that elude . 

Unless your memory has been made . Searing heat tears through flesh and shard of metal pierce every nerve , for a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of a fraction there is nothing but horrendous pain and then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , all cold but for the sweat , eyes wide with fear and panic . The first thing I noticed was the time . 

9:35AM 

It had been real . It was real . That was no dream , it could n't have been ... 

I glance around to my fellow passengers and wonder how it happened . What caused it ? Can we do anything about this ? Stop the plane , I want to get off ! I 've been a cop for a long time , that 's the good news . What is it that is so bad ? 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube that I am going to explode in less than an hour and I have to work out how without panicking anyone . 

Especially if I 'm wrong . 

But what if I 'm right ? 

No backup, no back-up , no escape . 

Fuck it , no problem . 

***** This is serious news . 

There 's got to be at least 300 people on board , not including crew . It 's mechanical and it 's going up in flames no problem, and that 's bad news . We 're too far away to do anything . Look at it , the map shows somewhere around the south Pacific . 

That 's really bad . Not like anyone would believe me . 

I 'm not even sure I believe me . 

My only hope is that I can find out what causes the whole thing before the whole thing is 

Terrorism , I mean , I guess it could be but that 's a slim shot in the dark . 

So what do you look to when out of the blue hell blows up a plane over the ocean ? 

First stop ? Bathroom . Experience an explosion is enough to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I see her. I stand and she 's further down and she 's got that look on her face . The sweat , the panic . She saw it too . 

The sweat! I guess I have a partner . 

The bad ? I might not be wrong . 

**** 

9:37AM 

I wave to her and motion towards the washrooms '' You saw it ? '' 

She nodded . 

`` Did you see anything ? '' She nipped her head . **** Was n't productive . There had to be something there was a piece of information that either of us had buried in our brains that would be useful. <unk> Then something clicked . 

`` Do you remember which way of knowing this came from ? '' 

She tilted her head as if she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in front of me . What the hell is going on ? 

I looked back to the passengers . There were six rows between her seat and mine . Six rows of nine , that 's how tight if any of'her school stuck . 

`` Hey , did you hear the knock at the door ? '' She said , grabbing my arm. '' 

`` Yeah ! It came from in front of you . It came from behind me . So that means- '' 

`` It started somewhere between us . I think it finished , which would usually annoy me but in this case it was nice to have someone in the position of passing on it nice and quick . 

I checked the time . 

9:41AM . 

We were running out of time . 

**** 

9:42AM 

`` Does anyone stick out to you ? '' she said. I shook my head . We could probably eliminate a few potential suspects by process of elimination . That family probably was n't going to cause a problem . Oh and that elderly couple as well . Stuff like that . As I watched I saw there were three people acting nervously . 

One portly man checking his watch a little too frequently . 

A younger guy hugged me profusely . 

A woman approached me with what I would describe as uncomfortable fingers . 

I pointed them out to her and she agreed . So maybe we had three suspects . Or maybe we had three nervous flyers . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds went by and we had a very limited number of words on which to start . 

As we stood there a lady approached us from behind . 

She startled both of us and that 's when the woman turned and locked eyes with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that someone knew where I was headed so she bolted from her seat and reached for the overhead compartment . That 's when I slammed into her full force , throwing both of my feet to the seat below us and skidding at least three rows ahead . 

When I lifted my head I was staring down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young man , sweating his hands soaking wet was holding the other end of it and I was definitely on the wrong end . 

He was n't holding a badge though . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
