There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to reach a minimum and everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes closed, the only thing I saw was the image on the TV screen on the wall in front of me , faded blue numbers that read 10:34AM . 

Unless your plane explodes . Searing heat tears through my skin, each shard of metal pierce every nerve , for a fraction of a fraction of a moment there is nothing but heat, and then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , drenched in sweat , eyes wide with fear and panic . The first thing I noticed was the time . 

9:35AM 

It had been so real . It was 9.35AM. That was no dream , that could n't have been ... 

I glance around to see all the passengers and wonder how it happened . What caused it ? Can we stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to get off ??? I 've been a cop for a long time , that 's the good news . How about the bad ? 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube I think is going to explode in less than an hour and I have to find out what the hell is going on without panicking anyone . Just for the sake of finding out if I 'm wrong . 

But what if I 'm right ? 

No resources , no back-up , no escape . 

Fuck it , no problem . 

***** 

9:36AM 

Alright . 

There 's got to be at least 300 people on board , not including crew . It and the mechanical and it 's going up in flames no matter what and that in itself is not good news . We 're too far away to do anything about that . That map shows somewhere over the Pacific . 

That 's really bad . Not that you would believe me . 

I 'm not entirely sure I believe me . 

My only hope is that I can find out what causes the whole thing . What's the whole And, we are talking about terrorists . 

Terrorism ? I mean , I guess it is but that 's a slim shot in the dark . 

So what in the blue hell blows up a plane over the ocean? 

First stop ? Bathroom . Experience an explosion is enough to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I see her . I hope she 's further back but she 's got that look on her face. The sweat , the tears, that's a sign . She saw it too . 

The good ? I guess I have a partner . 

The n again, I might not be wrong . 

**** 

9:37AM 

I left with her and motion towards the washrooms . 

`` You saw it ? '' 

She nodded . 

`` Did you see anything ? '' She shook her head . 

This was n't productive . There had to be missing some piece of information that either of us had buried in our brains that would have been so dangerous for us to lose . Then something clicked . 

`` Do you remember which way the explosion came from ? '' 

She tilted her head up as if she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in front of me . What the hell is that ? '' 

I looked back to the passengers . There were six rows between their seat and mine . Six rows of seats... that 's ... 54 if any math from school stuck . 

`` Hey , did you hear me ? '' She said , grabbing my arm . Yeah ! It came from in front of you . It came from behind me . So that means- '' 

`` It started somewhere between us . '' She finished , which would usually annoy me but in this case it was a girl and I have to catch up on it nice and quick . 

I checked my watch . 

9:41AM . 

We were running out of time . 

**** 

9:42AM 

`` Does anyone stick out to you ? '' she whispered and I turned my head . We could probably eliminate a few people by process of elimination . A young family probably was n't going to be the only problem , the elderly couple as well . Stuff like that . 

As I watched I saw there were three young men hanging around nervously . 

One portly man checking his watch a little too frequently . 

A younger man sweating profusely . 

A woman glancing around with what I would describe as suspicion . 

I pointed them both at her and they each turned . So maybe we had three suspects . Or maybe we had three nervous flyers . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had just a very limited number of those to start . 

As we stood there a flight y lady approached us from behind . 

She startled both of us and that 's when the flighty lady spun around and locked eyes with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that someone knew that. She bolted out of her seat and reached for the overhead compartment . That 's when I pushed her full force , throwing both our bodies to the hard floor and skidding at least three rows ahead . 

When I lifted my head I was staring down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young guy, sweating profusely , was holding the right end of it and I was on the wrong end . 

He was n't holding a badge though . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
