There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to reach a crescendo but everything is just right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes closed the only thing that I saw was another TV programme of this time on the TV screen in front of me , faded blue numbers , and it says 10:34AM . 

Unless your plane explodes . Searing heat of flesh and shard of metal pierce every nerve , for a fraction of a fraction of a second there is nothing but horrendous pain and then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up drenched in sweat , eyes wide , and a new heartbeat in my heart. The first thing I noticed was the time . 

9:35AM 

It had been so real . It was real . That was no dream , it could n't have been ... 

I glance around to my fellow passengers and said it happened . What caused it ? Can we stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to get off ? 

I 've been a cop for a lot of time , that 's the news . 

The bad ? 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube that I think is going to explode in less than an hour and I want to find out how without panicking anyone . 

Especially if I 'm wrong . 

But what if I 'm right ? No resources , no back-up , no ...? 

Fuck it , no problem . 

***** 

9:36AM 

Alright . 

There 's got to be at least 300 people on it at this time and not all of them . It could be mechanical and it 's going up in flames no matter what and that 's bad news . We 're too far away to do anything about that , the submarine is somewhere over the Pacific . 

That 's really bad . Not like anyone would believe me . 

I 'm not entirely sure, but, I think, they would believe me . 

My hope is that I can find out what causes the whole thing before the whole First of all. Air raid. Second . 

Terrorism ? I mean , I guess it could be but I guess its just a slim shot in the dark . 

So what in the blue hell blows up a plane over the ocean ? 

First stop ? Bathroom . Experience an explosion is enough to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I saw her . She was about to stand and she 's further back but she 's got that look on her face . The sweat , the sweat . She saw it too . 

The good ? I guess I have a partner . 

The bad news, she might not be wrong . 

**** 

9:37AM 

I wave to her , as I push her towards the washrooms . 

`` You saw it ? '' 

She nodded . '' Did you see anything ? '' 

She shook her head . 

This was n't productive . There had to be something , some piece of information , even if some of us had buried in the sand that would be useful . Then something clicked . 

`` Do you remember which way the explosion came from . 

She tilted her head as if she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in front of me . What the hell is going on ? '' 

I looked back around. Oh yeah. Other passengers . There were six rows between her seat and mine . Six rows of seats, that 's six rows of seats, as if any math from school stuck . 

`` Hey , did you hear me ? '' She started grabbing my arm . 

`` Yeah ! It came from in front of you . It came from behind me . So that means- - '' It started somewhere between us . '' She finished , which would usually annoy me but in this case it is just nice to have someone pick up on it nice quickly . 

I checked my watch . 

9:41AM . 

We were running out of time . 

9:42AM 

`` Does anyone stick out to you ? '' she whispered and I shook my head . We could probably eliminate a few potential problems from the pool with the process of elimination . A young family probably was n't going to cause a problem , the elderly as well . Stuff like that . 

As I watched I saw there were three couples watching nervously . 

One portly man checking his watch a little too frequently . A man sweating profusely . 

A woman glancing around with what I would describe as eye-balls on her hands . 

I pointed them out to her . She agreed . So maybe we had three suspects . Or maybe we had three nervous flyers . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had a very limited number of those to start . 

As we were about to press get into our seats, a flight attendant had come from behind . 

She startled both of us and that 's when the woman turned and locked eyes with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that someone knew . Then she leaped up from her seat and reached for the overhead compartment . That 's when I slammed into her full force , sending both our bodies to the hard floor . I was at least three rows ahead . 

When I lifted my head I and shooting down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young man , sweating profusely , was holding the other end of it and I was definitely on the wrong end . 

He was n't holding a badge . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
