There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to reach a crescendo but everything is so calm right as you settle into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes closed the only thing I could see was the time on the TV screen in front of me , faded blue numbers that read 10:34AM . 

Unless the bus explodes . Searing heat tears through flesh and shard of metal pierce every nerve . But then for a fraction of a blink of a moment there is nothing but horrendous pain and then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , drenched in sweat, eyes wide with fear and panic . The first thing I noticed was I was in my own dream. It was time . It had been so real . It was real . That was no dream , it could n't have been ... 

I glance around to my fellow passengers and wonder how it happened . What caused it ? Can we stop it ? Why am I on the plane , I want to get off ? 

I 've been a cop for a long time , that 's old news . 

The bad part is that I 'm stuck in a car that I think is going to explode in less than an hour and I have to find out how without panicking . This is pretty terrifying. 

Especially if I 'm wrong . 

But what if I 'm right ? 

No resources , no energy, no escape . 

Fuck it , no ? 

***** 

9:36AM 

Alright . 

There 's got to be at least 300 people on board , not including crew . It could be mechanical and it 's going up in flames no matter what and that 's what I heard . Was it too far away to do anything about that , the whole thing is getting launched from somewhere over the Pacific . 

That 's really bad . Not like anyone would believe me . I'm not entirely sure I believe me . 

My only hope is that I can figure out what causes the whole thing before the whole thing happens . 

Terrorism ? I mean , I guess it could be but that 's a slim light in the dark . 

So what in the blue hell blows up a plane over the sky, 

First stop ? Bathroom because the noise of an explosion is enough to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself of all the stress. That 's when I see her . I stand and she 's further back but she 's got that look on her face . The sweat , the panic she saw it too . 

The good news is I guess I have a partner . 

The bad ? I might not get enough sleep . 

**** 

9:37AM 

I wave to her and motion towards the washrooms . <unk> I saw nothing? '' 

She nodded . 

`` Did you see anything ? '' 

She shook her head . 

This was n't productive . There had to be something , some piece of information that either of us would put in our brains that would be useful . Then something clicked . 

`` Do you remember where the explosion came from ? '' 

She tilted her head as quickly as she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in front of me . What the hell is going on ? 

I looked back to the passengers . There was only six rows between her seat and mine . Six rows between seats. Hey , that 's ... 54 if any math from school stuck . 

`` Hey , did you hear me ? '' She looked up , grabbing my arm . 

`` Yeah ! It came from in front of you . It came from behind me . So that 's what it is. 

`` It started somewhere between us . '' She was noticing which would usually annoy me but in this case it was nice to have someone pick up on it nice and quick . I checked my watch . 

9:41AM . 

We were running on time . 

**** 

9:42AM 

`` Does anyone stick out to you?? '' she whispered and I shook my head . We could have picked out a few potential suspects by process of elimination . A young family probably was n't going to cause a problem , the elderly couple as well . Stuff like that . 

As I watched I saw the three people acting nervously . 

One man was checking his watch a little too frequently . 

A younger man laughing profusely . 

A woman glancing around with what I would describe as suspicion . 

I pointed them out to her and she agreed . So maybe we had three suspects . Or maybe we had six. Four flyers . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had a very limited number of those to start . 

As we stood there a flight attendant suddenly approached us from behind . 

She was slightly ahead of us and that 's when the woman turned and locked eyes with us . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that someone knew . She bolted from her seat and reached for the overhead compartment , that 's when I slammed into her full force , throwing our upper bodies to the hard floor and skidding at least three rows ahead . 

When I hit my head I was staring down the barrel of a handgun . 

A man , sweating profusely , was holding the right end of it and I was definitely on the wrong end . 

He was n't holding a badge though . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
