There is a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , the moment where noise seems to reach a crescendo but also when the world seems so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes closed the only thing I saw was the time on the TV screen in front of me , faded blue numbers that read 10:34AM . 

Unless something explodes . Searing heat tears through flesh and shard of metal stabs through nerve , for a fraction of a fraction of a moment there is nothing but horrendous pain and then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , drenched in sweat , eyes wide with fear and panic . The n I noticed the exact time . 

9:35AM 

It had been so real . It was real . That was no dream , could n't have been ... 

I glance around to my fellow passengers and wonder how it happened , who caused it ? Who did I call to stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to get off ? I've been a cop for a long time , that 's the good news . 

The bad ? 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube that I think is going to collapse in less than an hour and I have no way out . I feel stupid for panicking anyone . 

Especially if I 'm wrong . 

But what if I 'm right ? 

No resources , no back-up , no escape . 

Fuck it , no problem . We 'll save you. 

Alright . 

There 's got to be at least 300 people on board , not including crew . It 's mechanical and it 's going up in flames no matter what and that 's bad news . We 're too far away to do anything about that , the map shows somewhere over the Pacific . 

That 's pretty far away . Not like anyone would believe me . 

I 'm not entirely sure I believe me , I suppose the only hope is that I can find out what causes the fog to form before the whole thing happens . 

Terrorism ? I mean , I know that it could be but that 's a real shot in the dark . 

So what in the blue hell blows up a plane over the ocean ? 

First stop ? The bomb. Experience an explosion is enough to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's how I see her . I stand and she 's further back but she 's got that look on her face . The sweat , the panic . I get it too . 

The relief. I guess I have a partner . 

The bad ? I might not be there. 

**** 

9:37AM 

I wave d and motion towards the window. 

`` You saw it ? '' 

She nodded . 

`` Did you see anything ? '' 

She shook her head . 

This was n't productive . There had to be something , some piece of information that either of us had buried in our brains that would be useful . Then something clicked . 

`` Do you remember which way they came from ? '' 

She tilted her head to try to see what she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in front of me . What the hell is going on ? '' 

I looked back to the passengers , there were six rows between her seat and mine, her seat and mine . Six rows of nine , that 's ... 54 if any math from school . 

`` Hey , <unk> Did you hear me ? '' She said while grabbing my arm . 

`` Yeah ! It came from in front of you . It came from between you and me . So that means- '' 

`` It started somewhere between us . '' She finished , which would usually annoy me but in this case it was nice to have someone pick up on the mistakes and quick ie fix them. I checked my watch . 

9:41AM . 

We were running out of time . 

**** 

9:42AM 

`` Does anyone stick out to you ? '' she whispered and I shook my head . We could probably eliminate a few suspects by process of elimination . A young man was n't going to cause a problem , the suspects that would probably be in them were there to be eliminated as well . Stuff like that . 

As I watched I saw there were three people acting nervously . 

One portly man checking his watch a little too frequently . 

A younger woman than me was sweating profusely . She was glancing around with what I would describe as suspicion . 

I pointed them out to her and she agreed . So maybe we had three suspects , maybe we had three nervous flyers . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had a very limited number of those to start . 

As we stood there a flight attendant approached us and stood up behind me which startled both of us and that 's when the woman turned and locked eyes with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that someone knew . She got out of her seat and reached for the overhead compartment . That 's when I hit her full force , throwing both our bodies to the hard seat wall and sending us both skidding at least three rows ahead . 

When I lifted my head I was staring down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young man , sweating from the rain, was holding the right end of it and I was definitely on the wrong end . 

He was holding a badge though . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
