There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where your emotions begin to reach their extremes but everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes closed , the only thing I saw was the time on the TV screen in front of me , faded blue numbers that read 10:34AM . 

Unless your plane explodes . Searing heat tears through flesh and shard of metal pierce every nerve , for a fraction of a fraction of a moment there is nothing but horrendous pain and then it dissolves into darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , drenched in sweat , eyes wide with fear and panic . The first thing I noticed was the time . 

9:35AM 

It had been so real , now it was real . That was no dream , it could n't possibly be real ... 

I glance around to my fellow passengers and ask them why it happened . What caused it ? Can we stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to take off ? 

I 've been a cop for a long time , that 's the good news . Can you help ? 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube that I think is going to explode in less than an hour and I have to find out how without getting caught . 

Especially if I 'm wrong . Especially if I 'm right ? 

No resources , no back-up , no escape . 

Fuck it , no problem . 

***** ***** ***** . 

There 's got to be at least 300 people on board , not including crew . It could be mechanical and it 's going up in smoke no matter what and that 's bad news . It's too close and too far away to do anything about that , the map shows somewhere over the Pacific . 

That 's really bad . Not like anyone will ever believe me . 

I 'm not entirely sure that anyone will believe me . 

My only hope is that I can find out what causes the whole thing before the whole thing happens . 

Terrorism ? I don't know , I guess it could be but that 's a shot in the dark . 

So what in the blue hell blows up a plane in the middle of the ocean ? 

First stop ? Bathroom . Experience an explosion is enough to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I see her . I 'm sure she 's further back . She 's got that look on her face . The sweat , the pain . She saw it too . 

The good ? I guess I have a partner . 

The bad ? This could not be productive. 

**** a wave to her and motion towards the washrooms . 

`` You saw it ? '' 

She nodded . 

`` Did you see anything ? '' 

She shook her head . 

This was n't productive . There had to be something , some piece of information that either of us had in our brains that would be useful . Then something clicked . 

`` Do you remember which way the explosion came from ? '' 

She tilted her head as if she was remembering something. <unk> Yeah , the heat was in front of me . What the hell is going on ? '' 

I turned to the passengers . There were six rows between her seat and mine and four rows of nine between. The seat count. 356 's ... 54 if any math from school stuck . 

`` Hey , did you hear me ? '' she said , grabbing my arm . '' Yeah ! It came from in front of you . It came from behind me . So that means- '' 

`` It started somewhere else . '' She finished , which would usually annoy me but in this case it was nice to have someone pick up on it nice and quick . I checked my watch . 

9:41AM . 

We were running out of time now . 

**** 

9:42AM 

`` Does anyone stick out to you ? '' she whispered and she nodded my head . We could probably eliminate a few potential suspects by process of elimination . A young family probably was n't going to cause a problem , the elderly as well . Now that I think about it when I watched I saw there were three people acting nervously . 

One portly man checking his watch a little while afterward . 

A younger man sweating profusely . 

A woman glancing around with what I perceived as suspicion . 

I pointed them out to her and she agreed . So maybe we had three suspects . Or maybe we had three nervous flyers . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had a very limited number of those to start . 

As we were being seated, a flight attendant approached us from behind what startled both of us and that 's when the woman turned and locked eyes with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that right away . She bolted from her seat and reached for the overhead compartment . That 's when I slammed into her full force , throwing both our bodies to the hard floor and skidding at least three rows ahead . As I lifted my head I was staring down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young man , sweating , was holding the right end of it and I was definitely on the wrong end . 

He was n't wearing a badge though . . I felt like things were going from bad to worse .
