There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to reach a crescendo but everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As I lay with my eyes closed there was another thing I saw was the time on the TV screen in front of them , faded blue numbers that read 10:34AM . 

Unless your plane was a rocket, you would have been dead before that. Searing heat tears through flesh and shard of metal hits a nerve , for a fraction of a fraction of a moment there is nothing but horrendous pain and then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , drenched in sweat , eyes wide with fear and panic . The first thing I noticed was the time . 

9:35AM 

It had just been real . It was real . That was no dream , it could n't have happened. 

I glance around with my fellow passengers and wonder how it happened . What , it's all wrong ? Can I stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to get off ? 

I 've been a cop for a long time , that 's the good news . 

The bad ? 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube that I think is going to explode in less than an hour and I have to find out how without panicking . 

Especially if I 'm wrong . What if I 'm right ? 

No way out, no back-up , no escape . 

Fuck it , no problem . 

***** 

9:36AM 

Alright . 

There 's got to be at least 300 people on board , not including crew men. There could be more than that. But it 's going up in flames no matter what, well that 's bad news . We 're too far away to do for that , the map would show all over the Pacific . 

That 's pretty much it . Not like anyone would believe me . 

I 'm not entirely sure I believe me . 

My only hope is that I can find out what causes the whole thing before the whole thing happens . 

Terrorism ? I mean , I guess it could be, but that 's a slim shot in the dark . 

So what in the blue hell blows up a plane launching it into the ocean ? 

First stop ? Bathroom . Experience an explosion is enough to make your brain feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I see her . I stand and she 's further back but she 's got that look on her face . The fear , the panic . She saw it too . But it did no good ? I guess I have a partner . 

The bad ? I might not be wrong . 

**** 

9:37AM 

I started to leave with her and motion towards the washrooms . 

`` You saw it ? '' She nodded . 

`` Did you see anything ? '' 

She shook her head . Her speech was n't productive . There had to be something , some other information that either of us had in our brains that would be useful . Then something clicked . 

`` Do you remember which way the wind came from ? '' 

She tilted her head as if she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in front of me . What the hell is going on ? '' 

I tried to talk over it but no one would. <unk> I remember . There were six rows between her seat and mine. Six rows of nine , that 's ... 54 if any math from school stuck . 

`` Hey , did you hear it? '' She said , grabbing my arm . '' omg ! It came from in front of you . It came from behind me? '' So that means- '' 

`` It started somewhere between us . '' She finished , which would usually annoy me but in this case it was nice to have someone pick up on it pretty quick . 

I checked my watch . 

9:41AM . 

We were running out of time . 

**** you off. Does anyone stick out to you ? '' she whispered and I shook my head . We could probably eliminate a few potential suspects by process of elimination . A young family probably isn't going to cause a problem , the elderly couple may cause anxiety . Stuff like that . 

As I watched I saw there were three people acting nervously . One man checking his watch them too frequently . 

A second woman sweating profusely . And a third woman glancing around with what I would describe as suspicion . 

I pointed them out to her and she agreed . So maybe we had three suspects . Or maybe we had three nervous flyers . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were counted out and we had got a very limited number of those to start . 

As we stood there a flight attendant approached us from behind . 

She startled both of us. I looked up and that 's when the woman turned and locked eyes with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that someone knew her for sure that something had happened. She bolted from her seat and reached for the overhead compartment . That 's when I slammed into her full force , throwing both of them to the hard floor and skidding at least three or four times . 

When I lifted my head I was staring down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young man , sweating , was holding the right end of it and I was definitely on the wrong end. 

He was n't holding a badge either. Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
