There 's a magical feeling deep between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to reach a crescendo but everything seems so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As I held my eyes closed the only thing I saw was the time on the TV screen in front of me , faded blue numbers that read 10:34AM . 

Unless your plane explodes . Searing light cut through flesh and shard of metal pierce every nerve , for a fraction of a fraction of a second there is nothing but horrendous pain and then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , my face a sweat , eyes wide with fear and panic . The first thing I looked at was the time . 

9:35AM 

It had been so real . It was real . That was no dream , it could n't have been a dream at first glance around to my fellow passengers and wonder how it happened . What could have happened ? Can we stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to get off ? I've been a cop for a long time , that 's the good news . 

The bad ? 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube that I think is going to explode in less than an hour . I have to find out how without panicking anyone . 

Especially if I'm wrong . Especially if I 'm right ? 

No resources , no back-up , no escape . 

Fuck it , no problem . 

***** 

9:36AM 

Alright . 

There 's got to be at least 300 people on board , not including crew members or it could be mechanical and it 'll blow up in flames no matter what and that 's bad news , unless they 're too far away to do anything about that , the map shows somewhere around the Pacific . 

That 's really bad . Not like anyone would believe me . 

I 'm not entirely sure I believe me . 

My only hope is that I can find out what causes the next thing before the whole thing happens . Yes... I mean , I guess it could be but that 's a slim shot in the dark. 

So what in the blue hell blows up a plane over the ocean ? 

First stop ? Bathroom . Experience an explosion just waiting to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I see her . They stand and she 's further back but she 's got that look on her face . The good and the panic . She 's my age too . 

The good ? I guess I have a partner . 

The bad ? I might be wrong . 

**** 

9:37AM 

I wave to her and motion towards the washrooms . 

`` How was it ? '' She nodded . 

`` Did you see anything ? '' 

She shook her head . 

This was n't productive . There had to like , some piece of information either of us had buried in our brains that would be used another day in our lives. Then something clicked . 

`` Do you remember which way the explosion came from ? '' 

She tilted her head as if she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in front of me . What the hell was going on ? '' 

I shifted from the seat in front of me to the passengers . There were six rows between her seat and mine . Six rows of nine , that 's ... 54 if any math from school . 

`` Hey , did you hear me ? '' She said , grabbing my arm . 

`` Yeah ! It came from the other side of you . It came from behind me . That means- '' 

`` It comes from the distance between us . '' She finished , which would usually annoy me but in this case it was nice to have someone to get the word out on it nice and quick . 

I checked my watch . 

9:41AM <unk> We were running out of time . 

**** 

9:42AM 

`` Does anyone stick out to you ? '' she whispered and I shook my head. We could probably eliminate a few out by process of elimination . A young family probably was n't going to cause much trouble , the elderly couple as well . Something like that . 

As I watched I saw there were three people acting nervously . 

One portly man checking his watch a little too frequently . 

A younger man sweating profusely . 

A woman glancing up at me with what I would describe as suspicion . 

I pointed them out to her and she agreed . Oh well. So in this case we had three suspects . Or maybe we had three nervous flyers with three different stories . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had a very limited number of those precious seconds . 

As we stood there a woman approached us from behind . 

She startled both of us and I was standing on the sand when the woman turned and locked eyes with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that I was not going to. Just as easily . She bolted from her seats and reached for the overhead compartment . That 's when I slammed into her full force , throwing both our bodies to the hard floor and skidding at least three rows ahead . 

When I lifted my head I it was aimed down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young man , sweating profusely , was holding the end of it and I was on the wrong end . 

He was n't holding a badge though . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
