There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to reach a crescendo which is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes closed the only thing I saw was the picture of light from the TV screen in front of me , faded blue numbers that read 10:34AM . 

Unless your plane explodes . Searing heat tears through every shard of metal that touches a nerve , for a fraction an fraction of a moment there is nothing but horrendous pain and then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , hands cold with sweat , eyes wide with fear and panic . The first thing I noticed was the time . 

9:35AM 

It had been so real . It was real . It was no dream , it could not possibly have been ... 

I glance around to my fellow police officers I wonder how it all happened. What caused it ? Can we stop it ? Stop the plane , why would anyone want to get off ? 

I 've been a cop for a long time , that 's the good news . 

The bad ? 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube that I think is going to explode in about half an hour and I have to find out what will happen without panicking anyone . 

Especially if I 'm wrong . 

But what if I'm right ? 

No resources , no back-up , no escape . 

Fuck it , no problem . 

***** 

9:36AM 

Alright . There's got to be at least 300 people on board , not including crew . It 's a mechanical and it 's going up in flames no matter what and that 's bad news . We 're too close to do anything about that , the map shows somewhere over the Pacific . 

That 's really bad . I wish anyone would believe me . 

I 'm not entirely sure I believe me . 

My only hope is that I can find out what causes the whole mess on the whole thing happens . 

Terrorism ? I just can’t remember. Well I guess it could be but that’s a slim shot in the dark . 

So what in the blue hell blows up a place far from the ocean ? 

First stop ? Bathroom . Experience an explosion is enough to make you feel the urge to get in there yourself . 

That 's when I see her . I stand and she 's further back but she's got that look on her face . The sweat , the panic . She saw it too . Are you good ? I guess I have a partner . 

The bad ? I might not be wrong . 

**** 

9:37AM 

I wave to her and motion towards the washrooms . 

`` Did you get it ? '' 

She nodded . 

`` Did you see anything ? '' 

She shook her head. 

This was n't a possibility. There had to be something , some piece of information that either of us had buried in our brains that would be useful . Then something clicked . 

`` Do you remember which way the explosion came from ? <unk> Sarah tilted her head as if she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in front of me . What the hell is going on ? '' 

I looked back to the passengers . There were six rows between her seat and mine . Six rows of nine , that 's ... 54 if any math from school stuck . Yes , did you hear me ? '' Yu Yu , grabbing my arm . 

`` Yeah ! It came from in front of you . It came from behind me . Or.. I guess that means- '' 

`` It started somewhere between us . '' That's my nickname , which would usually annoy me but in this case it was nice to have someone pick up the phone nice and quick." I said. 

I checked my watch . 

9:41AM . We're running out of time . 

**** 

9:42AM 

`` Does anyone stick out to you ? '' she whispered and I shook my head . We . I then had to eliminate a few potential suspects by process of elimination . A young family probably was n't going to cause a problem , the elderly people might as well . Stuff like that . 

As I came out I saw there were three people acting nervously . 

One portly man checking his watch a little too frequently . 

A younger man sweating profusely . 

A woman glancing around with what I would describe as suspicion . 

I pointed them out to her and she agreed . So maybe we had three suspects . So maybe we had three suspects. So I looked into the camera . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had a very limited number of those to get by. 

As we stood behind her, a flight attendant approached us to leave . 

She startled both of us and that 's when the woman turned and locked eyes with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that someone knew . She got from her seat and reached for the overhead compartment . That 's when I slammed into the other passengers, landing with devastating force , throwing both our bodies to the hard floor and skidding at least three rows ahead . When I lifted my head I was staring down the barrel of a handgun . Apparently this young man , whose name has not been released , was holding the right end of it and I was definitely on the wrong end . 

He was holding a badge though . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
