There 's a magical feeling between wakefulness and sleep , a burst of noise seems to reach a crescendo but everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes closed the only thing I could notice was the time on the TV screen in front of me , faded blue numbers that read 10:34AM . 

Unless your plane explodes . Searing heat tears through flesh , sharp bits of metal pierce every nerve . For a fraction of a moment for a fraction of a moment there is nothing but horrendous pain and then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , drenched in sweat , eyes wide with tears and panic . The first thing I noticed was the time . 

9:35AM . It had been so real . It was real . That was no dream , it could n't have been ... 

I glance around to my fellow passengers and wonder how it happened . What caused it ? Can we stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to get off ? 

I 've been a cop for a while , I need the good news . 

The bad ? 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube that I think is going to explode in less than an hour and I have to find out how without panicking anyone . So maybe I 'm wrong . 

But what happens if I 'm right ? 

No resources , no weapons , no escape . 

Fuck it , no problem . 

***** 

9:36AM 

Alright . 

There 's got to be at least 100 people on board , not including crew but it could be mechanical and it 's going up in flames no matter what and that 's not news . We 're too far away to do anything about that , the map shows somewhere over the valley. 

That 's really bad . Not like anyone would do that . 

I 'm not entirely sure I believe me . 

My only hope is to feel I can find out what causes the whole thing before the whole thing happens . 

Terrorism ? I mean , I guess it could be but that 's a shot in the dark . 

So what in the heck blows up all over the ocean ? 

First stop ? Bathroom . Experience an explosion is enough to make you feel the urge to go and relieve yourself . 

That 's when I see her . I stand and she 's further back but she still has that look on her face . The sweat , the panic . She saw it too . 

The good ? I guess I have a partner . 

The bad ? I might not be wrong . 

**** 

9:37AM 

I wave to her and told her to go to the washrooms . 

`` You saw it ? '' 

She nodded . 

`` Did you see anything ?'' 

She shook her head. 

This was n't productive . There had to be something , a piece of information that either of us had buried deep in our brains that would be useful to the other. '' He waited until something clicked . 

`` Do you remember which way the explosion came from ? '' 

She tilted her head as if she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in front of me . What the hell is going on '' 

I looked at the passengers . There were six rows between her seat and mine . So, for that much heat from rows of nine , that 's ... 54 if any math from school stuck . 

`` Hey , did you hear me ?? '' She said , grabbing my arm . 

`` Yeah ! It came from me and from in front of you . It came from behind me . So that means- - It started somewhere between us . '' She finished , which would usually annoy me but in this case it was nice to have someone pick up on it nice and quick . I checked my watch . 

9:41AM . 

We were running out of time . 

**** . Does anyone stick out to you ? '' she whispered and I shook my head . We could probably eliminate a few potential suspects by simple elimination . A young family probably was n't going to be a problem , the elderly couple as well . Stuff like that . The last time I watched I saw there were three people acting nervously . 

One portly man checking his watch a little too frequently . 

A younger man, smiling profusely . 

A woman glancing around with what I would describe as suspicion . A woman giving warnings to a man. I pointed them out to her and she agreed . So maybe we had three suspects . Or maybe we had three nervous flyers . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had a very limited number of those to start . 

As we stood there a flight attendant approached us from behind . 

She startled one of us and that got me scared so the woman turned and locked eyes with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that someone knew . She bolted from her seat and reached for the overhead compartment . That 's when I slammed into her full force , throwing our bodies to the floor and skidding at least three rows ahead . 

When she got up, right next to my head I was staring down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young man , sweating , was clearly on the right end of it and I was definitely on the wrong end . 

He was brandishing a badge though . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
