There 's a magical moment between the TV and sleep , a moment where noise seems to reach a crescendo but everything feels calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes closed the only thing I saw was the time on the TV screen in front of me , a stacked column of numbers that read 10:34AM . 

Unless your plane explodes . Searing heat tears through flesh and shard of metal pierce every nerve , for a fraction of a fraction of a moment there is nothing , only pain and then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , drenched in sweat , eyes wide with fear and panic . By this the first thing I noticed was the time . 

9:35AM 

It had been so real . It was real . That was no dream , it could n't have been ... 

I glance around to look at passengers and wonder how it happened . What caused it ? Can we stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to know. Why ? 

I 've been a cop for a long time. What happened , that 's the good news . 

The bad ? 

I 'm stuck in a metal pile that I think is going to explode in less than an hour and I have to find out what it is without panicking anyone . 

Especially if I 'm wrong . 

But what if I 'm right ? 

No resources , no back-up , no escape . 

Fuck is no problem . 

***** 

9:36AM 

Alright . 

There need to be at least 300 people on board , not including crew . It 's all mechanical and it 's going up in flames no matter what and that 's bad news . We 're too far away to do anything about that , the map shows somewhere over the Pacific . 

That 's really bad . Not like anyone could ever believe me . 

I 'm not crazy, I believe me . 

My only hope is that I can find out what's there about the whole thing before the whole thing . 

Terrorism ? I mean , I guess it could be but that 's a slim shot in the dark for what in the blue hell blows up a plane over the ocean ? 

First stop ? Bathroom . Experience an indulgence that's enough to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I see her . I stand and she 's further back but she 's got it on her face . The sweat , the panic . She saw it too . 

The good ? That I 'm my partner . 

The bad ? I might not be wrong . 

**** 

9:37AM 

I wave to her and motion towards the window. 

`` You saw it ? 

She nodded . 

`` Did you see anything ? '' She shook her head . 

This was n't productive . There had to be able to find some piece of information that either of us had buried in our unconscious that would be useful . Then something clicked . 

`` Do you remember which way the explosion came from ? '' 

She tilted her head back as if she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in front of her. <unk> What the hell is going on ? I looked back to the passengers in my next row. There were six rows between her seat and mine . Six rows of nine , that 's ... 54 if any math from school stuck . 

`` Hey , did you hear me ? '' she said , grabbing my arm . 

`` Yeah ! It came from in front of you . It came from behind you So that 's interesting. 

`` It started somewhere between us . '' She finished , which would usually annoy me but in this case it was nice to have someone pick up on it nice and quick . 

I checked my watch and said she shouldn't have been there . 

We were running out of time . 

**** ! Does anyone stick out here ? '' she whispered and I shook my head . We could probably eliminate a few potential suspects by process of elimination . A young family probably was part of the problem. The three teenagers probably was part of to the problem , the elderly couple as well . Stuff like that . 

As I watched I saw there where a few people acting nervously . 

One portly man checking his watch a little too frequently . 

A younger man sweating profusely . A older woman glancing around with what I would describe as suspicion . 

I pointed them out to her and she agreed . So maybe we had three suspects . Or maybe we had three nervous flyers . 

9:45AM . were slowly ticking by and we had a very limited number of those to start . 

As we stood there a flight attendant approached us from behind. 

She startled both of us and that 's when the woman turned and locked eyes with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that someone knew . She bolted from her seat and we were ushered into the overhead compartment . That 's when I slammed into her seat with full force , throwing both our bodies to the hard floor and skidding at least three rows ahead . 

When I lifted my head I was staring down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young man , sweating profusely , was holding the right end of my wrist. Which meant I was definitely on the right line . 

He was n't holding a badge though . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
