There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to rise to a crescendo but everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes closed, the only thing I saw was the film playing on the TV screen in front of me , faded blue numbers that read 10:34AM . 

Unless your plane explodes . The tears and explosion and shard of metal pierce every nerve , for the sake of a fraction of a moment there is nothing but horrendous pain and then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , drenched in sweat and eyes wide with fear and panic . The only thing I managed to remember was the time . 

9:35AM 

It had been so real . It was real . That was no dream , it could n't have been ... 

I glance around to check in the passengers and wonder how many people were towed . What caused it ? Can we stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to get out. 

I 've been a cop for a long time , that 's the good news . 

The bad ? 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube that I think is going to explode in less than an hour and I have to find out how to escape before it happens and without involving anyone . 

Especially if I 'm wrong . 

But if I 'm right there are no resources , no back-up , no escape . 

Fuck it , no one noticed. 

***** 

9:36AM ***** 

There 's got to be at least 300 people on board , not including crew . It could be mechanical and it 's going up in flames no matter what and that 's bad news . We 're too far away to do anything about that , the map shows somewhere over the border that it is a problem, 

That 's really bad . Not like me, believe me . 

I 'm not entirely sure I 'm good enough . 

My only hope is that I can find out what causes the whole thing before the whole thing happens . 

Terrorism ? I mean , I guess it could be but that 's a shot in the dark . 

So what in the blue hell is a plane over here doing ? 

First stop ? Bathroom . Experience an explosion is enough to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I see it . I stand and she 's further back but she 's got that look on her face . The sweat , the smell . She saw it too . 

The good point is. I guess I have a partner . 

The bad ? I must be wrong . 2nd Sep 

9:37AM 

I wave to her and motion towards the washrooms . 

`` You saw it ? '' 

She nodded . 

`` Did you see it? '' 

She shook her head . 

This was n't productive . There had to be something , some piece of information, that either of us had buried in our brains that would be useful . Then something clicked . '' Can you remember which way the explosion came from? '' 

She tilted her head as if she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in front of me . <unk> Dammit, what the hell is going on ? '' 

I looked back to the passengers . There were six rows between her seat and mine . Six rows , baby , that 's all, if any math from school stuck . 

`` Hey , did you tell me ? '' She said , grabbing my arm . 

`` Yeah ! It came from in front of you . It came from behind me . So that means- -. It started somewhere else . '' She finished , which would usually annoy me but in this case it was nice to have someone pick up on it nice and quick . 

I checked my watch . 

9:41AM . 

We were running out of time. 

**** 

9:42AM 

`` Does anyone stick out to you ? Then she whispered and put her arm behind my head . We to eliminate a few potential suspects by process of elimination . A young family probably was n't going to cause a problem , the kids weren't as well . Stuff like that . 

As I watched I saw there were three people acting nervously . 

One portly man checking his a little too frequently . 

A younger man sweating . 

A woman glancing around with what I would describe as suspicion . 

I pointed them out to her and she agreed . So maybe we had three suspects . Maybe we had three nervous flyers . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had a very limited number of those to start . 

As I saw the woman there a flight attendant approached me from behind . 

She startled both of us and that 's when the woman turned and looked with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that I deserved this . She bolted from her seat and reached for the overhead compartment . That 's when she threw me into her full force , throwing both our bodies to the hard floor and skidding at least three rows ahead . I lifted my head I was staring down the barrel of a gun. 

A young man , sweating profusely , was holding the right end of it and I was definitely holding the wrong end . 

He was n't holding a badge . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
