There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to reach a crescendo but everything is so calm right as you sink into the deepest hole of sleep . As my eyes closed the only thing I saw was the time on the TV screen in front of me , faded blue numbers that are a faint sign of life . 

Unless your plane explodes . Searing heat tears through flesh and shard of metal sticks up in nerve , for a fraction of a fraction of a moment there is a horrendous pain and then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , drenched in sweat , eyes wide with fear and panic . The first thing I noticed was the time . 

9:35AM . This dream had been so real . It was real , it was no dream , it could n't have been ... 

I glance around to my fellow passengers and ask them how it happened. What caused it ? Can we stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to get off this plane, I 've been a cop for a long time , that 's the good news . 

The bad ? 

I 'm stuck in a world that I think is going to explode in less than an hour and I have to find out how without panicking anyone else if I 'm wrong . 

But what if I 'm right ? With no backup , no back-up , no escape . 

Fuck it , no problem . 

***** 

9:36AM 

Alright . 

There 's got to be at least 300 on board now that's pretty much everyone including crew . It could be worse but it 's going up in flames no matter what and that 's bad news . We 're too far away to do not see that , the map shows somewhere over the Pacific . 

That 's really bad . Not like anyone would believe me . 

I 'm not very sure whether I believe me . 

My only hope is that I can find out what causes them to say that thing before the whole thing happens . 

Terrorism ? I mean , I guess it had to be, but that 's a slim shot in the dark . 

So what in the blue hell happens when you fall asleep on a plane over the ocean ? 

First stop ? Bathroom . Experience an explosion is enough to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I see her . Oh, she said yes, and we moved further back but she 's got that look on her face . The sweat , the panic . I saw it too . 

The good ? I guess I have a partner . 

The bad news was I might not be wrong . 

**** 

9:37AM 

I wave to her and motion towards the windows . 

`` You saw it ? '' 

She nodded . <unk> You did see it? <unk> Did you see anything ? '' 

She shook her head . 

This was n't productive . There had to this , some piece of information that either we and the enemy had buried in our brains that would be useful . Then something clicked . 

`` Do you remember which way the explosion came from ? '' 

She tilted her head as if she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in full swing around me . What the hell is going on ? '' 

I looked back to the passengers . There were six others between her seat and mine . Six rows of eight. I suppose that 's ... 54 if any math from school stuck . 

`` Hey , did you hear me ? '' She said , grabbing my arm . 

`` Yeah ! It came from the side of you . It came from behind me , and you know what that means- '' 

`` It started somewhere between us . '' She finished , which would usually have been quite fast, but in this case it was nice to have someone pick up on it nice and quick . 

I checked my watch . 

9:41AM . 

We were running out of time . 

9:42AM 

`` Does your card reach out to you ? '' she whispered and I shook my head quickly. 9:43AM We could probably eliminate a few potential suspects by process of elimination . The young family probably was n't going to cause much trouble , the elderly couple as well . Stuff like that . 

As I watched I noticed that there were three people acting nervously . 

One portly man checking his watch a little too frequently or not. A younger man sweating profusely . 

A woman glancing around with what I would describe as suspicion . 

I pointed them out to her and she was shocked . So maybe we had three suspects . Or maybe we had three nervous flyers . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had a very limited number of seconds left before our flight had to start . 

As we stood there a flight attendant approached us from behind . 

She startled both of us and that 's when the woman turned and locked eyes with us. Then her eyes went wide and she knew that someone knew . She bolted from her seat and reached up for the overhead compartment . That 's when I slammed into her right foot , throwing both our bodies to the floor, slamming away from both of us and skidding at least three rows ahead . 

When I lifted my head I was staring down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young man , sweating profusely , was holding the right end of it and I was definitely holding the wrong end . 

He was n't holding a badge though . It was like things were going from bad to worse .
