There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to build to a crescendo but everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes closed the only thing I saw was the time on the TV screen in front of me , faded blue numbers that read 10:34AM . 

Unless your plane explodes . Searing heat tears through every shard of metal pierce every nerve , for a fraction of a fraction of a moment there is nothing but light, and then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , drenched in sweat , eyes wide with a panic . The first thing I remembered was the time . 

9:35AM 

It had been so real . It was real . That was no doubt, even though it could n't have been ... 

I glance around to my fellow passengers and wonder how it happened . What caused it? Can we stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to get off ? 

I 've been a cop for a long time , I got it. The good? The bad? Maybe not the good . 

The bad ? 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube that I think is going to explode in less than an hour and I have to find out how without having any resource . What if I 'm wrong . 

But what happens if I 'm right ? 

No resources , no back-up , no escape . 

Fuck it a mechanical problem . 

***** 

9:36AM 

Alright . 

There 's got to be at least 300 people on board , not including crew . It could be mechanical and it 's going up in flames no matter what and that s bad news . The nearest airport is too far away to do anything about anything except the map shows somewhere over the Pacific . 

That 's really bad . Not like anyone would believe me so I guess 

I 'm not entirely sure I could do anything . 

My only hope is that I can find out what causes the whole thing before the whole thing happens . 

Terrorism ? I mean , I guess it could be but that 's a slim chance the guys will act in the dark . 

So what in the blue hell blows up a plane over the ocean ? 

First stop ? Bathroom . These explosion is going to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I see her . I think she 's further back but she 's got that look on her face . The sweat , the tears, the tears. She saw it too . 

The good ? She has been there but now I have a partner . 

The n I might have seen something wrong . 

**** 

9:37AM 

I wave to her and motion towards the washrooms . 

`` You saw it ? '' 

She nodded . 

`` Did you see anything ? '' 

She shook her head . 

This was n't productive . There had to be something , some piece of knowledge that either of us had buried in our brains that would be useful . Then something clicked . Did you remember which way the explosion came from ? '' 

She tilted her head as if she was remembering . 

`` You remember? Can you remember the heat was in front of me . What the hell is going on ? '' 

I looked back to the passengers . There were six . I looked through the window. There was a woman sitting in her seat and mine . Six rows of nine , that 's ... 54 if any math from me . 

`` Hey , did you hear ? '' She said , grabbing my arm . 

`` Yeah ! It came from in front of you . It came from behind me . So that means- '' 

`` It started somewhere between us. '' She started pulling from in front of me which would usually annoy me but in this case it was good to have someone pick up on the alarming sounds and quick . 

I checked my watch . 

9:41AM . 

We were running out of time . 

**** 

9:42AM 

`` Does anyone stick out to you ? '' she whispered and I kicked my head . We could probably eliminate a few potential suspects by process of elimination . A young family would n't be a problem, the family with children would cause a problem , the elderly couple as well . Stuff like that . 

As I watched I saw there were some people acting nervously . 

One portly man checking his watch a little too frequently . 

A younger man sweating profusely . 

A woman glancing around with what I would describe as the most nervous look . 

I pointed them out to her and she agreed . So maybe we had two nervous flyers . But we had three nervous flyers . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had a very limited number of places to start . 

As we stood there a flight attendant approached us from behind . 

She stared at one of us and that 's when the woman turned and locked eyes with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew she knew . She bolted from her seat screaming for the overhead compartment . That 's when I came running at her full force , throwing both our bodies to the hard floor and skidding at least three rows ahead . 

When I lifted my head I was staring down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young man , somewhere in the city , was holding the other end of it and I was definitely on the wrong . 

He was n't holding a badge though . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
