There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to build up to a crescendo but everything is so calm that you feel like you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes went to sleep the only thing I saw was the time on the TV screen in front of me , faded blue numbers that could be you . 

Unless your plane explodes . Searing heat tears through flesh and shard of stone and on every side for a fraction of a fraction of a moment there is nothing but horrendous pain and then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up, drenched in sweat , eyes wide with fear and panic . The first thing I noticed was the time . 

It had been ten minutes . It was real . That was no dream , it could n't have been ... 

I glance around to my fellow passengers and wonder how it happened . What caused it ? Can we stop it ? Stop it , I want to get off ? 

I 've been a cop for a very long time , that 's the good news . 

The bad news is 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube that I think is going to explode in less than an hour and I have to find out how without panicking anyone . Or I hope I 'm wrong . 

But what if I'm right ? 

No resources , no back-up , no escape . 

Fuck it , just not this one . 

***** 

9:36AM 

Alright . 

There 's got to be at least 300 people on board , not including crew . It could be mechanical and it 's not gonna happen in the next 8 to 10 days, no matter what and that 's bad news . We 're too far away to do anything about that , the map shows somewhere over the Pacific . Which makes it look really bad . Not like anyone would believe me , but I 'm not entirely sure I believe me , the only hope is that I can find out what causes the whole thing before the whole thing happens . 

Terrorism ? I mean , I guess it could be but that 's a slim shot in the dark . 

So what in the blue hell blows up a plane over your head ? 

First stop ? The airport? Experience an explosion is enough to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I see her . I stand and she 's further back but she got that look on her face . The sweat , the panic . She saw it too . 

The good ? I don 't have a partner . 

The bad ? I might not be wrong . 

**** 

9:37AM 

I wave to her in a circular motion towards the washrooms . 

`` You saw it ? '' 

She nodded . 

`` Did I say anything ? '' 

She shook her head. 

This was n't productive . There had to be able to understand this, it was like there were some piece of information that either of us had buried in our brains that would make us feel something . Then something clicked . 

`` Do you remember which way the explosion came from ? '' 

She tilted her head as if she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in front of me . <unk> What the hell is going on ? '' 

I looked back to the passengers list. There were six rows between her seat and mine . Six rows of nine , that 's ... if any math from school stuck . 

`` Hey , did you hear me ? '' She said to my friend- '' 

`` Yeah ! It came from in front of you . It came from behind me . So that means- '' 

`` It started right behind us . '' She finished , which would usually annoy me but in the morning and it was nice to have someone pick up on it plain and quick . 

I checked my watch . 

9:41AM . 

We were running out of time . 

**** 

9:42AM 

`` . did this number stick out to you ? '' she whispered and I shook my head . We could probably eliminate a few potential suspects by process of elimination. A young family probably was n't going to cause a problem , the elderly were probably out as well . Stuff like that . 

As I watched I saw there were three people acting nervously . 

One portly man checking his watch a flight frequently . 

A younger man walking slowly . 

A woman glancing around with what I would describe as suspicion . 

I pointed them out to her and she agreed . So maybe we had three suspects . Or maybe we had three nervous flyers . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had a very limited number of those to start . 

As we stood , another flight attendant approached us from behind . 

She startled both of us and that's when the woman in the middle locked eyes with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that someone knew . She got out of her seat and reached in to the overhead compartment . That 's when I slammed into her full force , throwing both our bodies into the hard floor and skidding at least three rows ahead . 

When I lifted my head I was staring down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young man , without a badge , was holding the right end of it and I was definitely on the wrong end . 

He was n't holding a badge . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
