There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , one where noise seems to build to a crescendo but everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes closed the only thing I saw was the gloomy figure on the TV screen in front of me , faded blue marker, read 10:34AM . 

Unless your plane explodes . Searing heat tears through flesh and shard of light touches every nerve , for a fraction of a fraction of a moment there is nothing but horrendous pain and then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , drenched in sweat , eyes wide with fear , and I turned about . The first thing I noticed was the time . 

9:35AM 

It had been so real . It was real . There was no dream , it could have been ... 

I glance around to my fellow passengers and wonder how it happened . What caused it ? Can I stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to get off ? 

I 've been a cop for a long time , that 's the good news . 

The bad news is that 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube that I think is going to explode in less than an hour and I have to find out how without panicking anyone . Surely I 'm wrong . 

But what if I 'm right ? 

No resources , no way out , no escape . 

Fuck it , no problem . 

***** 

9:36AM 

Alright , there 's got to be at least 300 people on board , not including crew . It could be mechanical and it could go up in flames no matter what and that 's bad news . We 're too far away to do anything about that , the map shows somewhere over the Pacific . 

That 's me . Not like anyone would believe me , I 'm not entirely sure I believe me . 

My only hope is that I can find everything that causes the whole thing before the whole thing called Islamic 

Terrorism ? I mean , I guess it could be but its a slim shot in the dark . 

So what in the blue hell is a plane over the ocean ? 

First stop ? Bathroom . Experience an explosion is enough to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I see her . I stand and she 's further back but she 's got that look on her face . The sweat ing, the panic . I saw it too . 

The good ? I guess I have a partner . 

The bad ? I might not be wrong . 

**** 

9:37AM 

I wave to her and motion towards the washrooms . 

`` You saw it ? 

She nodded . 

`` Did you see anything ? 

She shook her head . 

This has to be productive . There had to be something , some piece of information that either of us had buried deep in the cells, somewhere in our brains that would be useful when something clicked . 

`` Do you remember which way the explosion came from ? <unk> Elvina tilted her head as if she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the sitting right in front of me . What the hell is going on ? 

I looked back to the seat in front of me. There were six rows between her seat and mine . Six rows of nine , that 's ... 54 if any math from school stuck . 

`` Hey , did you hear me ? '' She said , grabbing my arm . 

`` Yeah ! It came from in front of you - '' She said. <unk> So it came from somewhere very close . So that means- '' 

`` It started somewhere close . '' She finished , which would usually annoy me but in this case it was nice to have someone pick up on it nice and quick . 

I checked my watch . ... 

We were running out of time, my watch was showing me 10:42AM. 

**** 

9:42AM 

`` Does anyone stick with you ? '' she whispered and I shook my head . We could probably eliminate a few potential suspects by process of elimination . A young family probably was n't going to be a problem , the elderly couple as well . And all that . 

As I watched I saw there were three people acting nervously . 

One portly man was showing his watch ers, too . 

A younger man sweating . 

A woman glancing around with what I would describe as suspicion . 

I pointed them out to her and she agreed . So maybe we had three suspects . Or maybe we had three nervous flyers . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and she had a very limited number of those to start . 

As we stood there a flight attendant approached us from behind . 

She startled both of us and that 's when the woman turned to look in my eyes with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that someone knew . She bolted from her seat and fled to the overhead compartment . That 's when I slammed into her full force , throwing both our bodies to the hard floor and skidding at least three rows behind her. 

When she hit me on my head I was staring down the barrel of a gun, from somewhere and out of my sight. 

A young man , sweating profusely , was on the right end of it and I was definitely on the wrong end . 

He was n't holding a badge though . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
