There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise can reach a crescendo but everything is calm right down to the last snoring crash into the warm waves of sleep . As my eyes closed the only thing I saw was the time on the TV screen in front of you you can see faded blue numbers that read 10:34AM . 

Unless your plane explodes . Searing heat tears through flesh and shard s of glass pierce every nerve , for a fraction of a fraction of a moment there is nothing but horrendous pain and then the darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , drenched in sweat , eyes wide with fear and panic . The first thing I noticed was the time . 

9:35AM 

It had been so real . So very real . That was no dream I could n't take it ... 

I glance around to my fellow passengers and wonder how it happened . What next ? How can I stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to get off ? I'm not afraid, I've been a cop for a long time , that 's the good news . 

The bad ? 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube that I think is going to explode in less than five minutes. It has to be escaped, and I have to find out how without panicking anyone . 

Especially if I'm wrong . 

But what if I 'm right ? 

No resources , no back-up , no escape . 

Fuck it will be another problem . 

9:36AM 

Alright . 

There 's got to be at least 300 people on board , not including crew . It could be mechanical and it 's going up in flames no matter what and that's super bad news . We 're too far away to do anything about that , the map shows somewhere south Pacific . But it could be really bad . If only anyone would believe me . 

I 'm not entirely sure I believe me . 

My only hope is that I can find out what causes the whole thing before the whole to utter death . 

Terrorism ? I mean , I guess it could be but that 's a slim shot in the dark . 

So what 's next when a bolt of blue hell blows up a plane over the ocean ? 

First stop ? Bathroom . Experience an explosion is enough to make another feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I see her . I stand and run a little further back but she 's got that look on her face . The sweat , the panic . She 's scared then too . 

The good ? - now I have a partner . 

The bad ? I might not even hear her. . 

**** 

9:37AM 

I wave to her and motion towards the washrooms . 

`` You saw it ? '' 

She nodded . <unk> Did you see anything ? '' 

She shook her head . 

This was n't productive . I had to be something , some piece of information that any of us had buried in our brains that would be useful . Then something clicked . 

`` Do you remember the way the explosion turned out to be ? '' 

She tilted her head as if she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in front of me . What the hell is going on ? '' 

I looked back to the passengers . There were six rows between her seat and mine . Six rows of nine , that 's ... not any math from school ? 

`` Hey , did you hear me ? '' she said , grabbing my arm . 

`` Yeah ! It came from in front of you . It came from behind me . <unk> If you know what that means- '' 

`` It started somewhere between us, she began. '' She finished , which would usually annoy me but in this case it was nice to have someone pick the phone and ring it nice and quick . 

I checked my watch . 

9:41AM . 

We were running out of time . '' 

`` Does anyone want to talk to you ? '' she whispered and I shook my head . We could probably eliminate a few potential suspects by a means of logical elimination . A young family probably was n't going to be a problem , the elderly couple as well . Stuff like that . 

As I watched I saw two or three people acting nervously . 

One portly man checking his watch a little too frequently . 

A younger man sweating profusely . A woman glancing around with what I would describe as suspicion . 

I pointed them out to her and she agreed . So maybe we had three suspects . Or maybe we had three nervous men as well. But who knows. 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had a very limited number of those to start . 

As we stood there a flight attendant approached us from behind . 

She stood in front of us and that 's when she turned and locked eyes with me . Then her face went wide and she knew she knew . She bolted from her seat and reached for the overhead compartment . That 's when I slammed into her full force , throwing both our bodies to the hard seat in front of us and sending her skidding at least three rows ahead . 

When I lifted her head I was staring down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young man, sweating profusely , was holding the right end of it and I was definitely on the wrong end . Had n't yet got the badge though . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
