There 's a magical moment between wakefulness and sleep , a moment where noise seems to be reaching its crescendo but everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm sound of sleep . In the last two months when I woke up with my eyes closed the only thing I saw was the time on the TV screen in front of the faded blue numbers that read 10:34AM . 

Unless your plane explodes . Searing heat tears through your body, shard after shard of metal pierce every nerve , for a fraction of a fraction of a moment there is fear and horrendous pain and then there is darkness . . That was when I woke up , drenched in sweat , eyes wide with fear and panic . The first thing I noticed was the time . 

9:35AM 

It had been so real . So real . That was no dream , it could n't have been ... 

I glance around to my fellow passengers, we all wonder how it happened . What caused it ? Who should I call to stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to get off . I 've been a cop for a long time , that 's the good news . 

The bad ? 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube that I think is going to burst in less than an hour and I have to find an exit without panicking anyone . 

Especially if I 'm wrong . 

But what if I 'm wrong? 

No resources , no back-up , no escape . 

Fuck it , no problem . 

***** 

9:36AM 

Alright . 

There 's got to be at least 300 people on it , not including crew . It could be 4000 or it 's going up in flames no matter what and that 's bad news . We 're too far away to do anything about . What about the map shows somewhere over the Pacific . 

That 's really bad . Not like anyone would believe me . 

I 'm not entirely sure I believe me . 

My only hope is you can find out what causes the whole thing before the whole thing ? 

Terrorism ? I mean I guess it could be but that 's a slim shot in the dark . 

So what in the world happens when someone blows up a plane over the ocean ? 

First stop ? Bathroom . Experience an explosion is enough to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I see her . I stand and she 's further back but she 's got that look on her face , the sweat , the panic . She saw me go down all the way . 

The good ? I guess I have a partner . 

The bad ? I might not be wrong . 

**** . <unk> He wave to her and motion towards the washrooms . <unk> Do you saw it ? '' 

She nodded . 

`` Did you see that also? '' 

She shook her head . 

This was n't productive . There had to be something , something more useful perhaps. Or a realization of things that either of us had buried in our brains that would be useful . Then something clicked . 

`` Do you remember which way the explosion came from ? '' 

She tilted her face to see if she was remembering . 

`` Yeah , the heat was in front of me . ''What the hell is going on ? '' 

I looked back to the passengers . There were six rows between their seats and mine . Six rows of nine , that 's ... 54 if any math from school stuck . As though they were two dozen passengers , Did you hear me ? '' She said , grabbing my arm . 

`` Yeah ! It came from in front of you . It came from behind me . So that means- '' <unk> It started somewhere between us . '' She finished stealing my hand, which would usually annoy me but in this case it was nice to have someone pick up on it nice and quick . 

I checked my cell phone 

9:41AM . 

We were out of time . 

**** 

9:42AM 

`` Does anyone stick out to you ? '' she whispered and I shook my head . We could probably eliminate the potential suspects by process of elimination . A young family probably was n't going to be such a problem , the elderly couple as well . Stuff like that . 

As I watched I saw there were three or four people checking their phones nervously . 

One portly man checking his watch a little too frequently . 

A younger man sweating profusely . An older woman glancing around with what she would describe as suspicion . 

I pointed them out to her and she agreed . So maybe we had three suspects . Or maybe we had three witness. Anyhow . 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had a very limited number of those to start with. As we stood there a flight attendant approached us from behind . 

She startled both of us and that 's when the woman stepped forward and just locked eyes with me. Then her eyes went wide and she knew that someone knew . She bolted from her seat and opened the overhead compartment . That 's when I slammed into her full force , throwing both our bodies to the hard floor and sending me skidding at least three rows ahead of her. As I lifted my head I was staring down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young man , sweating profusely , was holding the right end of it and I was definitely at the wrong end . 

He was n't holding a good gun. It was a very bad . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
