There is a magical moment between TV and sleep , a moment where noise seems to reach a crescendo but everything is so calm right as you crash into the warm deep sleep . As my eyes closed the only thing I saw was the time on the TV screen in front of me , faded blue numbers that read 10:34AM . 

Unless your plane explodes . Searing fire through flesh and shard of metal . Shocks that grab at every nerve , for a fraction of a fraction of a moment there is nothing but horrendous pain, until then there is darkness . 

That 's when I woke up , drenched in sweat and giggling , eyes wide with fear and panic . The first thing I noticed was the time . 

9:35AM 

It had to be real . It was real . That was no dream , it could not have been ... 

I glance around to my fellow passengers and wonder how it happened . What caused it ? Can we stop it ? Stop the plane , I want to see it drop down ? I've been a cop for a while , that 's the good news . 

The bad ? 

I 'm stuck in a metal tube that I think is going to explode in half an hour and I have to find out how without panicking anyone . 

Especially if I 'm wrong . 

But what if I'm right ? 

No resources , no back-up , no plan-b. 

Fuck it , no problem . 

***** 

9:36AM 

Alright . 

There 's got to be at least 300 people on board , not including crew . It could be mechanical and still could end up going up in flames no matter what. that 's bad news . We 're too far away to do anything about that , the map is over the Pacific . Thats really bad . Not like anyone would believe me . 

I 'm not entirely sure where it took me . 

My only hope is that I can find out what causes the whole thing before the whole thing happens . Well I mean , I guess it could be possible but that 's a slim shot in the dark . A cloud in the blue hell blows up a plane over the ocean ? 

First stop ? Bathroom . Experience an explosion is enough to make you feel the urge to ... relieve yourself . 

That 's when I see her . I stand and she 's further back but she 's got that look on her face . The one with the panic . She saw it all coming back. 

The good ? I guess I have a partner . 

The bad ? I might not be . 

**** 

9:37AM 

I wave to her and motion towards the door . 

`` You saw it ? '' 

She nodded . 

`` Did you see anything ? '' 

She shook her head . The n't productive . There had to be something , some piece of information that either of us had buried in our brains that would be useful . Then something clicked . 

`` Do you remember which way the explosion came from ? '' Mary just shook her head as if she was remembering . 

`` Whether it was the right in front of me . What the hell is going on ? '' 

I looked back to the passengers and there were six rows between her seat and mine . Six rows of nine , that 's ... 54 . The math from school stuck . 

`` Hey , did you hear me ? '' She said , grabbing the telephone . 

`` Yeah ! It came from in front of you . It came from behind you. So that means- '' It started somewhere between us . '' She finished , which would usually annoy me but in this case it was nice to have someone pick up on this pretty nice and quick . 

I checked my watch . 

9:41AM . 

We were running out of time . '' 

`` Does anyone stick out in the night ? '' she whispered and I shook my head . We could probably eliminate a few potential suspects by process of elimination . A young family probably wasn't going to cause a problem , the elderly couple as well just like that . 

As I watched I saw there were three people acting nervously . 

One portly man checking his watch a little too frequently . 

A younger man sweating profusely . 

A woman glancing around with what I would describe as suspicion . 

I pointed them out to her and she said. So maybe we had three suspects . Or maybe we had three nervous explorers. At around 

9:45AM . 

Seconds were ticking by and we had a limited number of those to start . 

As we stood there a flight attendant approached us from behind . 

She startled both of us and that 's when the woman turned around and locked eyes with me . Then her eyes went wide and she knew that someone knew . She rolled back from her seat and reached for the overhead compartment . That 's when I slammed into her full force , throwing both bodies to the hard and skidding at least three rows ahead . 

When I lifted my head I was staring down the barrel of a handgun . 

A young man , sweating blood and all was holding the right end of it . The cop was definitely on the wrong end . 

He was holding a badge though . Which meant things were going from bad to worse .
