's representative in Canada when David Johnston retires in September. She was the first Canadian on the International Space Station, and speaks six languages, including French. "What a great day," Ms Payette said when her nomination was officially announced. Mr Trudeau called her "unquestionably qualified". A Montreal native, she holds a bachelor's degree in engineering from McGill University and a master of applied science from the University of Toronto. She was chosen from over 5,300 applicants in 1992 to become one of four astronauts in the Canadian Space Agency. In 1999, she became the first Canadian to board the International Space Station. In additional to her career as an astronaut, she has sung with international orchestras, plays the piano and is the mother of two children. She retired from the CSA in 2013. Ms Payette would be Canada's 29th governor general since confederation in 1867, and the fourth woman. As the Queen's representative in Canada, the governor general: Her predecessor, Mr Johnston, was a Harvard alum who spent decades in academia before being appointed in 2010. He is scheduled to retire this autumn, after his final visit with the Queen next week, when he visits the UK. Ms Payette's appointment continues the tradition of alternating between anglophone and francophone governors general, although Mr Trudeau had also considered appointing an indigenous representative. Members from both Mr Trudeau's Liberal Party and opposing parties have praised her nomination. Conservative MP Lisa Raitt tweeted that she was "beyond happy" at the nomination. "If @Astro_Payette is our next Governor General - I am beyond happy. Smart and accomplished. Trailblazer," she tweeted. Roberta Bondar, who was the first Canadian female astronaut, also gave her approval. "I think she's really going to be a great asset," Bondar told CBC. "It will just be so interesting to see her bring her view of the world and of Canada, seeing [the world] from space provides one with a different type of insight. I'm really looking forward to it."