 handed the evidence over to the authorities," said Fifa president Gianni Infantino. Criminal investigations are ongoing. Fifa says reports of more than 1,300 pages were produced after the review of more than 2.5m documents and interviews with "key witnesses". There were also more than 20,000 pages of exhibits. These were all shared with the Swiss authorities, according to the governing body. Infantino said the investigation was carried out to "hold wrongdoers within football accountable and co-operate with the authorities". He added: "The authorities will continue to pursue those who enriched themselves." It added that from its findings it will make changes to its internal departments which will be revealed at the end of April. In May 2015, Swiss authorities raided a Zurich hotel and arrested seven people who were among 14 indicted on corruption charges in an inquiry led by the United States Department of Justice. In December that year, 16 more officials were charged following the arrest of two Fifa vice-presidents in at the same hotel in Zurich. By BBC sports news correspondent Richard Conway Fifa's internal inquiry may be at an end, but questions persist as to the level and depth of corruption that allegedly took place over many years. The review, led by Fifa's lawyers, was designed to assure the US Department of Justice that the governing body was a co-operative partner in unearthing the grubby truth. The results have now been passed to the Swiss Attorney General and will make their way to Washington DC from there. But the wheels of justice grind slowly. It may be many years before any subsequent charges are brought or cases concluded. In the meantime, criminal investigations continue into a number of individuals along with the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cup tournaments. There's also an uneasy silence hanging over allegations of bribery surrounding South Africa's successful bid to host the 2010 tournament. The whole truth may emerge someday. Just don't expect it to be delivered anytime soon.